Before we deploy our awesome projected in that fire why don't we add more pages because like I talked
before whenever we are gonna be having a finished project we're gonna have multiple pages.
No we're not going to do any kind of coding anymore meaning worlds are going to copy and paste whatever
setup we have in the next session email.
However the moment we're going to click on the skills right now there's obviously no skills actually
on our page.
So in this case we're gonna fix this.
When I had our back to indexation email now we're gonna make this sidebar obviously bigger because we
need to see what we're working with and the setup is gonna be very basic.
So we're gonna say skills.
Now this is gonna be in the name and the name in this case doesn't need to match if you already set
it up.
Here are the links with me.
So make sure that if you had a skills here then also the pages the skills.
And in this case I would like to select everything that I have in the annexation email and then we're
gonna head over back the skills and copy and paste it.
So now we have already some kind of code here maybe let's change this.
Now we don't need the recording anymore.
Can say skills or our skills and say our our skills.
So that's gonna be our page.
We can leave everything here but what I would like to do is to have some kind of little bit of difference.
I will just gonna leave here the skills so everything within the skill section.
Hold a moment.
This is gonna be the end of both skills.
I'm gonna delete everything apart from the closing div here with the footer.
So I'd like to delete all this or meaning you know what I actually went a little bit too far didn't
want to delete the folder so sorry I'm gonna head over back and I would want to delete everything up
to the folder now the folder I don't want to delete because I think that footer we can just leave.
As for all the rest of the pages so let's see this would be the feather and the contact and now I'm
just gonna delete this.
Now the moment we save it again we don't see the skills we can refresh.
This is gonna be my skills now on the skills page again we're just gonna have the header the working
header but then we're gonna have footer again very simple.
Now in this case we're gonna select the skills we all gonna create a new one.
Now the other one was what we see with missing indexation amount.
It was about page so let's call this about.
We're going to copy and paste it at this point we can again change the name.
Uh about us let's say about um about us.
That's gonna be then title the page then in this case we do want to get rid of the skills because skills
is only for a skills section and then we're going to be looking we're still gonna can keep the content
divider let's say skills section is gonna be gone.
So we're gonna write something like this then this is gonna be my div.
Obviously this is gonna work out or you know what.
Again I went too far.
May make the footer a little bit smaller otherwise I don't see anything.
Again.
Let's see where the skills let's select the skills let's see where's the footer.
We can delete it.
Now we're gonna head over back to indexation UML and I would just like to select the about one I got
normally would you do you would add more content but since I think that we already have worked hard
on this project what I can do is we can just cheat a little bit and add whatever items we have only
in the end but not this is gonna be the end of about so I can just copy and paste it and place it here.
In between the content divider and after that once we're gonna save it notice and we're gonna have my
number and within that bar I click on about.
And again here I'm gonna have my about section you already should know what we're going to be doing
with the product.
So there's gonna be a new file for some reason I'm gonna type it created again new file name products
HDMI all and then we can either use the skills or we can use the amount and doesn't really matter.
I'm gonna select about again we're going to copy and paste it.
The name is gonna be different.
We're gonna name this our product and then we will gonna get rid of the about some voters are not going
to be necessary to make sure that this time I don't delete the footer or at least attempt to delete
the footer.
And you know what.
Within the indexation email we have right away the product.
So why don't we select the product single product single product area.
I'm going to copy and paste this guy and within the product we're gonna copy and paste the product and
this way I can head over back to a larger browser window and we should have everything set up with the
pages as well as the SS and JavaScript so I'm going to close everything here.
Hopefully everything is working this is gonna be my mighty station now maybe make this hundred percent
I want home to be my home if I want the skills and have the skills and I think everything is gonna be
fine What's that about.
And last but not least we also have the product.
And congrats guys.
We finished this amazing project with just the assessed world by the way which is a big accomplishment.
And now let's head over and notify.
Who's gonna do the rest of the job.
Because we would like to deploy it on Butterfly.
So the whole world can see our site.